Q.How to find data is linear or not by using scatterplot?
sol : If the relation between x and y follows the straight line pattern then the data is linear

=> If the relation between x and y doesnot follows the straight line pattern then the data is Non-linear 

Linear Regression ?
sol : It is the supervisied learning regression algorithm it learns pattern by finding best fit line (straight line) to understand relationship between independent and dependent column

SYNTAX -> from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

When to use Linear Regression ?
sol : If the data is linear and strongly co-related
      If the output column is having continuous value
    
When Not to use LR?
sol : If the data is non-linear and weekly co-related
      Output column is not having continuous value

why not to use LR for Non-Linear Data?
sol : It understands the pattern of straight line and in non-linear data there is no straight line pattern which leads to the wrong prediction

straight line -> y = mx+c

y=predicted output
x=new input
m=slope or coefficient
c=intercept

what is slope?
sol : Rate of change of y wrt x bby 1 unit

what is weight?
sol : Tells importance of features

what is intercept?
sol : base or initial value of y when x=0

                                        Regression Metrics (which are common for all the regression algorithm)

1. mean squared error (MSE) : When there is less outliers in target column we use MSE
                              If there are more outliers then we shouldnot use this if used then more error will get
                              For model training and model evaluation

2. mean absoulte error (MAE) : when there are more outliers or errors we use MAE because it tells the truth
                               It measures the average prediction errors
                               calculates the average absolute difference between actual and predicted values
                               Lower MSE = Better model
                               for model evaluation
                        
3. root mean squared error (RMSE) : It is the square-root of the MSE
                                    we use it bcz it converts the error back to its original unit
                                    Lower RMSE = Better model
                                    for model evaluation

4. R^2 score : It is a regression metrics that tells how well the model captures
               Evaluates the goodness of fit
               1 → Perfect model
               0 → Model explains no variance
               Negative → Model is worse than predicting the mean

