Logistic Regression : It is a supervisied learning technique which comes under regression and used for classification scenario

Q.What is classification model ?
sol : It is a supervisied learning technique whihc predicts the categorical values

ex : Spam Detection - Here classification algorithm predicts categorical values
     Sentiment Analysis - Here classification algorithm predicts +ve,-ve and netural labels
    
Q.How to select algorithms
sol : If the target column values are categorical then we use classification algorithms
      Internally Logistic regression use sigmoid functions 

> If the value is >=0.5 then it is considerd as 1
> If the value is <=0.5 then it is considerd as 0
> Sigmoid functions always gives values between 0 and 1
> Sigmoid functions can be applied on binary class labels (target column values)

Q. Why it is called Regression even though we use it for classification ?
sol : Bcz internally it uses regression formula

How the weights are calculated in Logistic Regression ?
sol : first randomly it initializes the values between 0 and 0.5
      Later with the help of Gradient Descent it finds the best weights 

what are the techniques Logistic regression used noramlly

1.Loss Function - It measures the error per record
2.Cost Function - It measures over all model mistakes internally it uses log loss to measure
3.Sigmoid Function  - It classifies the binary class labels between 0 and 1
4.Regularization
5.Gradient Descent

4.Regularization - It is ML technique which helps to reduces the varience with the help of penalty (L1,L2,Elastic Net)

*** If the model is not well generalized means it is not able to capture the unseen data pattern (overfit) then we use Regularization to solve the problem

There are 3 penalties
1. L1 - Lasso
2. L2 - Ridge
3. Elastic Net - L1+L2

1.Lasso (L1) : It is Regularization penalty which select the important features by pushing weights towards 0 or exactly towards 0
               If the weight is 0 which means that feature column is not important
               with the help of Gradient Descent Lasso pushes weights towards 0

Q.when to use Lasso ?
1.For sentence based classification
2.When we dont know the important features
3.when we have more features

2.Ridge (L2): It is Regularization penalty which selects all the features columns by shrinking the weights
              It shrinks the weights but never pushes the weights towards the 0
            
Q.When to use Ridge ?
1.when all feature columns are important
2.when Multi-linearity problem occurs

3.Elastic Net (L1+L2) : It is Regularization penalty which uses both L1 and L2
                        It selects all the feature columns and handles Multi-linearity problem
                        It uses L1 ratio splits the ratio of L1 and L2
------------------------------------

5.Gradient Descent : It is an optmization technique which is used to find the best weights

Q.When we use Gradient Descent ?

1.Logistic Regression - It internally uses GD to find the best weights 
2.Extreme Gradient Boosting Algorithm (XG Boost) uses GD to find the best weights
3.Regularization - It is ML technique which helps to reduces the varience with the help of penalty (L1,L2,Elastic Net)
                   It uses GD to find best weights and reduces varience